the secret is the light those reflections that emphasize the shapes they bring into
highlight the rhythm of a metropolitan architectural structure
these are the characteristics that a photo shoot must have for
being able to strike in the heart and this assumption was inspired by the competition
photographic images of architecture in the world 2008 in search of the soul
vibrant beautiful cities of the world images architecture in the world this second
edition
is coming to an end in this these days
gmail contest started towards appearing and then we collected something like
600 images of architecture images the mind very different places very very much
different settings very different from in contemporary architecture
especially if
giometti structural up and down colors
every building every culture every design detail lives to express
the essence of a form
but the ability to grasp this essence lies above all in which it looks in whom
photographs as underlined by the jury president of the last edition of
competition even if there are precise strategies to be implemented
excellent condition be perfect I lose a lot of time in the selection
the frame
for the digital with whom we all work, almost always surrendered
simpler aspects of controlling dichotomous exposure
rm relationship with light
rent I would say that the fundamental thing is that being able to make a good one
selection of the point of view and consequently of the framing
final on which I work a lot in post production
they are very different from each other I run away
in some the creature that can be recognized in others are very effective shots
very busy moves
where the building itself is practically unrecognizable in three
with the spirit of architecture the building that is ahahah in the foreground
however some aspects of architecture pharmacists in the foreground
travel to get to know the city from a different perspective
this is the spirit that animates the designer architects with the suitcase
perpetually ready to search for new ideas and stimuli
hentay the most beautiful part of my professional experience a thousand thousand
be free to choose
release objects and within an urban structure or that of
confront myself with projects of the highest level made two facts of the
most important architects of our history
and certainly one of the gifts I managed to make in my view